hi YouTube it's miss bieber fever girl
here and today I want to be doing a
what's in my carry on video I'm in my
dance uniform so I'm like in a bun form
please heart and everything so I'm
really sorry if this is like really
weird to you guys but that's kind of
what I'm gonna be doing that light is
like a really brighten Hannah I'm really
sorry about that light that's like right
over there okay so I'm really excited
about this video because I've been
really waiting for to do it and today is
kind of like my boring packing day so I
have a little bit time left to do it so
this is my carry-on it's your Bradley
and it's fro I don't have time to go
over the compartments and you know all
that stuff so just let me show you
what's in the bag I've got some really
cute clutch hands with it alright so I'm
going to be buying a magazine tomorrow
because on the plane I usually either
read the magazine listen to my ipod you
stuff like that so this is my
composition notebook and I you know just
i right I journal in here kind of except
it's new so I have nothing written
inside of it except for like math
problems or something like that um I
have this thing which is a pink thing
it's got tons of markers and stuff in
there and I organized it so I don't want
to take it out I'm just going to put
this back in here real quickly because I
don't want to mess it up cuz I work
really hard on it today and I was
packing um I have two books I have the
book 11 and I have the book killer pizza
this is a sunshine state book so you not
heard of those that's what i read it's
part of our school so yeah I have these
headphones they're big and I've got
little hearts on them and I use those
for my laptop
only because i use my small headphones
which will show you guys max my little
kid and I sleep with I only put him in
there because he's special and I can't
sleep without him you know but that's me
hmm and then there's a compartment right
here open that up oops from compartment
and then I have my keys except there's
no keys on it right now because I have
no keys to lug around with I have a mini
hand sanitizer my hot pink headphones I
got it marshals for ten dollars i think
and then i got these two Yankee Candle
lip balms and then this lip balm
suddenly you know like when you're in
like a stage or something where you're
suddenly like really obsessed with
something like socks or something like
that I'm currently very obsessed with
the phones but now I'm kind of getting
over and then the last compartment of my
little thing is the sky this gal or
whatever and here i have my gum so yeah
I have gum hand sanitizer and a
emergency kit and there I have tic tacs
for bad breath lip pointment which is
kind of like chopped lip really really
chapped lips that really helps it and
then um another lip balm but that's
chapstick so that really helps your lips
and then I have to hand sanitizers who
doesn't need hand sanitizers I don't
like 50 of these I'm like well we want
to bring all of them I have cucumber
melon and fresh lemon these are like
really fresh signs and I like to bring
the first times only because
um you know like it makes you feel
better so that's what's in there and
that's all that's like literally that's
not all in my carry-on so yeah and then
I'll just like pocket holders that can
fit like drinks in them right there I
have a Hello Hello Kitty this is a key
chain it's a phone you open it up and
there's lip gloss in it and then my
fluffy sheep I got in Ireland he's
really really fluffy it's so cute okay
so that's what's in there this is also a
slash what's in my Airport traveling
purse it's like what the heck of that
it's just the purse I could carry around
to keep all my different things in and
then this is my my little purse i can
carry around fear Bradley it's also babe
I frill oh and until you guys this is
the real kind not the fabric feeling I
don't like the fabric feeling so i
always get throw and this one's for all
too because that's where like what i
really like I'm in here I have a cupcake
lip gloss from Bath and Body Works I
have my camera my bedazzle ipod my
passport which I'm not gonna show and I
have my ear Bradley wallet that matches
the purse which I thought was really
really cute Oh looks like that I'm not
sure you guys what's in the front cuz
it's got something in there and then I
have my cell phone it's not on i turn it
off so that's good
so yeah that's all that's in my little
purse and that's when I carry around yes
for airport reasons this video is really
short it's actually like shorter than
the other one I thought it would go by
longer but no I guess not so that's
pretty much it I didn't get in a lot of
detail with it because I don't have
enough time to get teacher but but yeah
so I'm really excited about my trip
tomorrow I actually just finished my
carrier I'm like so sad I'm leaving my
house I feel so sad but I'm really
really excited and I will keep you guys
posted on my trip like i said in my last
video and yeah thanks for watching guys
stay tuned for more videos